feat: Refactor codacy-analysis-cli documentation DOCS-138 (#1637)
codacy/docs: docs/getting-started/supported-languages-and-tools.md

<sup><span id="dart-limitations">3</span></sup>: Currently, Codacy only supports including the packages [lints](https://pub.dev/packages/lints) and [flutter_lints](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_lints) on dartanalyzer configuration files.  
<sup><span id="ruby-31">4</span></sup>: Currently, Codacy doesn't support any static code analysis tool for [Ruby 3.1](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2021/12/25/ruby-3-1-0-released/).  
<sup><span id="swiftlint-complexity">5</span></sup>: Supports [reporting warnings or errors](https://realm.github.io/SwiftLint/cyclomatic_complexity.html) on functions above specific complexity thresholds. Enable the rule **Cyclomatic Complexity** on the [Code patterns page](../repositories-configure/configuring-code-patterns.md), or use a [configuration file](https://realm.github.io/SwiftLint/index.html#configuration) to customize the thresholds.  
<sup><span id="suggest-fixes">🔧</span></sup>: Supports [suggesting fixes](../repositories-configure/integrations/github-integration.md#suggest-fixes) for identified issues.

> ## Codacy plugin tools
> 
> Codacy uses a system of plugin tools to extend the scope of analyses on your repositories, allowing support for new languages and tools.
> 
> The Codacy GitHub repositories list the version and extra plugins supported by each plugin tool. You can also submit GitHub issues on these repositories.

Reviewer: The introduction to the table mapping the tools to the Codacy repositories could also need some improvements.

I quickly edited it to make the following proposal, what do you think?

```suggestion
## Codacy wrappers for supported tools

Codacy adds support for new languages and tools by using ["wrapper" Docker images for running each tool](https://github.com/codacy/codacy-example-tool).

The following table lists the Codacy GitHub repositories corresponding to each supported tool. Use these repositories to check the version and extra plugins supported by each tool, or to submit GitHub issues related to each tool.
```

Note that by changing the title of the section it's also necessary to update the redirects to the fragment.
